RULE ON DESCRIPTIONS

This rule might be a little unclear, in spite of the fact that it is a rule
that should improve clearness. My apologies for this, I'll try to give examples
but if something is still vague, don't be afraid to mail me,

Ethereal Cashimor.

This rule is in fact an extension to the original rule which stated that
descriptions should describe functionally, correctly and well. Apart from
descriptions, these rules are also appropriate for introducing objects, ect.

One obvious aspect of this is that descriptions should be done in English, 
with no spelling errors. Spelling errors are usually checked by players, and
will be put in a file called /log/<yourname>.rep. In this files are also ideas
for improvement for your area, and bugs that were detected.

Another aspect is insinuating: descriptions that say something the player
feels. Make sure that it is logical that the player knows the information you
give him. No references to a hidden trapdoor in the floor while examining the
ceiling for example.

Texts that are also forbidden are texts that are completely out of place. If,
for example, you program a flat area, running into a mountain is not very
common, usually you see them coming from a few miles. This is also appropriate
for other levels of descriptions e.g. there must be a (good) reason for it why
a bartender should only wear a loincloth. If something should normally not
happen in real life, then think about it thrice before implementing it. Another
example of this, taken from the Holy Mission: the girl in the garden of Whisky,
who, if fondled, asks if you want to 'fuck' her, and even defines this command
(containing two bugs, by the way, Whisky!). This is completely out of tune for
someone who lost her brother.

Anyone who thinks a certain description is inappropriate according to these
rules can put it on the illegal board. When there is no reaction from the
responsible wizard the area will be changed after a few days.

Ethereal Cashimor
