Alchemy Against Insects - Qclii

In this little work I will try to 
demonstrate to the reader the
advantages various alchemistic
methods can have over traditional
ones to protect crops etcetera
against harmful insects. I will have 
to admit, as I can hardly keep this 
unseen, that there are certain 
dangers. A rather nasty accident 
during one experiment of mine turned 
out pretty bad. More here-on later in 
this work.

To start, let us look at the more
traditional methods against crop
harming insects. Picking out by hand 
the little creatures, surely is 
useful, however it cannot so easy be 
done for very small, or fast species. 
Also the required labour is rather 
much. Putting a specific species 
against another one is more 
satisfying in both respects. However 
this method has the problem that 
suitable hunters have to be found 
somewhere, and sometimes later on the 
hunters may become a problem 
themselves. 

Various curses and spells can be put 
on the crops in a field or the field 
itself however, already keeping most 
harmful insects out of the neighbor-
hood. Moreover some ancient scrolls 
and experiments on the recipes 
therein, convinced me that elixirs 
can be made, harmless to humans or 
crops, but killing the insects who 
come in contact with these elixirs. 
Spreading them over the crops and 
fields, the insects missed by spells 
or curses, will be gotten rid of in 
this way.

Spells and curses can be easily
derived from general ones provided in 
the works of Qcxvii and Qcxxviii and 
Qcxxi and also Qcxxvi and even Qlvii. 
A set of spells and curses keeping all
but a few stiff-necked species out of
the fields are: _)(*(!~%&^%$!__+ and
^$#^%@$^()~_ followed by %$!&^**&(&
on the fields each year, and one or
more times: ^&%$&^!%&*%^, *&^^*&*,
and *&^%@%^&*&^ over the crops, and
depending on their growing speed more
or less oft.

Some powerful elixirs can be made by
using very common ingredients only.
One needs rat bone, cockroach stomach,
willow herb, tree frog tails captured
around midnight during full moon, a
dead qiberian gloaroth, and a piece of
gnomonyx. Spread over the fields this
will kill all harmful eels and other
species underground. A second elixir 
is made of mice bone, brown toad legs
captured around midnight during new
moon, two dead qiberian gloaroths, and
a piece of micropyrith. Both elixirs
are made a la `A farewell drink', by
Qlv.

However be very careful not to forget
any of the ingredients. This happened
once during my work in the farming
fields of the leaf, in the eastern
finger. As a result various species
changed into giant and aggressive, and 
most of all extremely voracious new 
sorts, unseen and unheard of before. 
But I am working hard to undo this now
and have good hope that soon all the
problems will be solved. And after all
some of these giant insects provide us
with giant amounts of usable stuff, we
had to collect by catching many many
specimen before.

