Farming Spells and Curses.

Herein an overview of the spells
and curses I have collected, or
refined, or developed myself, in
the many years I trod through the 
Leaf now. Admiring the style of
Qcxv, I will list all of use and
only occasionally relate on 
details or anecdotes.

Spells to collect the animals of
a sort: ^___(*&^#@*(& for cows,
^__(*&^#@(*& for horses, ^___(*&-
*&^*@(^ for camels, ^__*& ^%#&
for sheep, and ^____*&^%*&^#& for
chicken and other fowls.

Spells to protect animals against
diseases: ^~~^%#*&^%&*^%, ^~~~^&%-
%$#^%#, ^~~%$#^%@$#, ^~~~$%#%$#,
and ^~~~%$#^%#@, depending on sort
of animal and disease according to
simple gnomorithmic calculations.

Spells to increase crop harvest:
*&^@(*&^*^^*&, **(&@^^*&^@&^*,
*&*^%@*& *&@&$&%&@$%, and for late
crops: **@*(&^(*&^*^*@*^*(&^.

Curses against wolves and other
hunters: %$*&@&()*&@*(&, %$*(&^!#-
*&^%*&, %$&^@*&(^&^*^ *@&^*(&. Now
this curse makes ME think of Qlv's
curse on his labyrinth room, like
Qcxv described.

Curses against birds on fields:
&^&^*&^%*&@#&^%^, *^*^%*&^%@&^%$,
^%$@&^#&*^%&*^%@^%&*.

Some half-spells that should be
combined with elixirs of various
kind, depending on desired effect:
$#$#*(&^@*(^#*^^( *&^#@, $#$#*&^*-
^%$&^&^%$&^$%, $#$#*(&^*(^(*&^@#.
Elixirs: rotting blue sea algae,
blueberries, rat stomachs, fish,
some honeysuckle, some nettle,
mixed in Qiberian fashion. Also:
rat stomachs, rabbit claws, some
chicken feathers, bull horns, a
bit of hay, and some south-indian
kwetl root, mixed in east-russian
(old) style. Finally: nettles, a
handful of straw, some Qiberian
fresh grass pollen, a dead mouse,
and tree-muncher skins of three
colors, mixed in the uncommon but
not too hard to perform Mazerian
style. One variant however was in
fact the one that made the meat-
eating plant in Qcxix's labyrinth
room, the one that eats anyone who 
did not eat ironweed just before.
This required one ingredient that
I will not mention here though.

Combinations of a half-spell and
an elixir as described above are
virtually always useful. I have
used most of them, and leaf it to
the reader to find out the effect,
only saying that it will be almost
always profitable to the one who
used the combination. No serious
farmer could do without these
valuable tools in my humble
opinion. 

Readers be thanked and be greeted,
Qcxxi.
