Weather Control - Qcxlvi

In order to make the isolation of
the Island Dragon more strong, and
especially the Wadden zone towards
it less impregnable, a number of 
new techniques, based on the spells
of Qxciv, Master of Winds of fame,
have been developed. They consist
of measures to make the winds in 
the Wadden heavier, the mists more 
dense, and the rain and hail storms
more discouraging. Since they have
been applied the zone can be rightly
called: the Misty Wadden. 

To increase the wind strengths, a
basic spell of Qxciv: __())()(__,
elegant in its simplicity, was more
closely examined. Apparently, it
derived the strength for a cyclone
from the third and fourth term. A
conventional storm spell: __)(*)_(
)(*__ was changed into __()(*)__()
(*__ and applied at some desolate
place. Indeed the effect was that
the storm significantly increased in
strength. So a daring: __()()(*)___
()(*___ was tried. This resulted in
a amazing suitable storm type for 
our purpose, and was applied all 
over the Wadden. Qxciv has placed a
ghost in his labyrinth room based on
the same spells, that would kill any
person except who is saintly or who
carries very little stuff and also
is strictly sober.

To increase the mist densities some
work of Qlxiv, via a modification by
Qcxx who made the tide in the Wadden
and also the whirlpools, could be 
used. It was: __()*~()^_____(*&!. In
an air environment this of course is
transformed into __()~!()&____(~!&&!
as the reader will see. By adding a
not much used and probably not very
widely known spell of Qlxiv again, a
larger amount of humid was entered 
by adding a clause __)(~_*)*(_!_ at
the end. Combined use of the above
resulted in a satisfying increase in
the mist density.

To increase the rain and hail storms 
that already were raging oft through
the area, due to the earlier magic
installments, some additional spells
were applied on the atmosphere. It
were a: __()*&~^&*%@&(__))_(@)*(__
and an (*&^~!(*&*)!*(()*&*@()__. I am
planning to protect my room in the
labyrinth with a hail cloud ghost in
fact based on similar spells amongst
others. This ghost will attack and 
kill any intruder not carrying a note
with the text: njoq makl njaq
that will surely teach them a final
lesson. But that as an aside.

After all was installed it was even
a hard job to go see how all was
functioning, let alone to improve it
any further. Therefore I think that
with these steps the Dragon's 
isolation on the Island will be once
and for all finished. It's a pity of
the Island for sure however...__)(*&
